Change redirects to reference mattermost.com, instead of about.mattermost.com (#3348)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/fx-guidelines.rst

Instructions, such as “A password reset link has been sent to ``you@email.com`` for your account. Please check your inbox.”, should be displayed as sentences ending in periods. One-line links, such as “Find it here”, should not end in periods or commas, but question marks are okay.

> Instructions containing a link to an external resource (ie: a blog article or docs.mattermost.com), should not be hard-coded. A redirect page from mattermost.com should be used in product instructions. Redirect pages should be formatted as ``https://mattermost.com/default-[SUBJECT]``. An mattermost.com page can be requested from the Product team at Mattermost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions containing a link to an external resource (e.g.: a blog article or docs.mattermost.com), should not be hard-coded. A redirect page from mattermost.com should be used in product instructions. Redirect pages should be formatted as ``https://mattermost.com/default-[SUBJECT]``. A mattermost.com page can be requested from the Product team at Mattermost.
```

Reviewer: I'm wondering if the last sentence can be reworded a little to be something like: "If the page you're linking to doesn't exist, a new mattermost.com page can be requested from the Product team at Mattermost."
